Fix links (#2614)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/commerce/payment/enable_paypal_payments.md

By using Payum to integrate PayPal into your application, you can offer your customers a versatile payment processing service that supports various payment methods, including credit cards, debit cards, Pay Later options, and alternative payment methods.

> Before you can proceed with integrating PayPal, you must [create a PayPal business account](https://www.paypal.com/unifiedonboarding/entry) and obtain API credentials.

Author: ```suggestion
Before you can proceed with integrating PayPal, you must [create a PayPal business account](https://www.paypal.com/bizsignup/#/singlePageSignup) and obtain API credentials.
```
